Wife, this woman seduced me
What seduces you?
Obviously you are plotting against me
Cousin, we are family
You have to believe what I say.
Revival you said wife
I'm cooking in the kitchen
My cousin ran up and jumped on me like crazy
He also scolded you
He scolds you
Call you a man woman
You say you don't know how to cherish
What nonsense are you talking about?
Su Yiyi, I'll call your mother now and ask her to pick you up
Chen Fei
If my cousin hadn't come in time
I was invited to dinner by my cousin-in-law
revival
I see you are eating ambitious leopard gall
Dare to stand up to me
Cousin husband don't talk too much
Who seduces who?
Can I still frame you one by one?
Hmph, at first I thought something was wrong with your eyes
And I was right.
Sister-in-law, why don't you give my family an explanation today?
I'll send his little white face in
No, you should apologize one by one now.
This is the point where there may be a detente
Mom, I didn't investigate the matter clearly
Why should revival apologize?
You just want to sign up for this beast
You keep saying that you are innocent
If you have the ability, please show the evidence.